Add integrations 0.16.2 rule docs (#1922)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/prebuilt-rules/downloadable-packages/0-16-2/prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-program-files-directory-masquerading.asciidoc

[[prebuilt-rule-0-16-2-program-files-directory-masquerading]]
=== Program Files Directory Masquerading

> Identifies execution from a directory masquerading as the Windows Program Files directories. These paths are trusted and usually host trusted third party programs. An adversary may leverage masquerading, along with low privileges to bypass detections allowlisting those folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Identifies execution from a directory masquerading as the Windows Program Files directories. These paths are trusted and usually host trusted third-party programs. An adversary may leverage masquerading along with low privileges to bypass detections that allowlist those folders.
```
